demonstrations have been continuing at
college campuses across the United
States in New York police raided a
building at Columbia University occupied
by students protesting in solidarity
with Palestinians in Los Angeles a mob
attacked a Palestine solidarity City at
the University of
California US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin has met Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu in West Jerusalem
Lincoln said a deal for a ceasefire in
Gaza is achievable and reiterated us
opposition to an Israeli ground
offensive in
Rafa an Israeli strike has killed at
least two children in Rafa the military
has been attacking residential areas
across the strip more than 34 and a half
thousand Palestinians have been killed
in nearly 7 months of
War let's here now from Mar bashara Al
jaaz senior political analyst joins us
from London hi marwin um blinkin will
leave Israel shortly pressuring Hamas to
agree to a truce but failing to dissuade
Netanyahu of a Rafa incursion regardless
of a truce it seems a
stalemate well yes uh I'm not sure if
it's a stalemate it's perhaps a
diplomatic stalemate but it's clearly an
ongoing Onslaught on Gaza and maybe that
is the whole point of the Diplomatic
stalemate is to allow for the genocide
to continue uh to unravel in Gaza and
people to die and to starve and to uh be
preoccupied uh with their with with
burying their loved ones perhaps that is
the purpose of diplomacy but if it's not
it's clearly has failed and this broken
record declarations and statements on
the part of American officials has
proved to be you know utterly
humiliating and and
nonsensical so in the end of the day
because you so I've heard you throughout
the day the last this week too you've
been trying to understand the patterns
so why does this continue and clearly
there is some method to The Madness of
American
diplomacy what I can dissect that it's
over the past six months the American
officials have tried to kill Netanyahu
with kindness It's been killing with
kindness strategy no matter what he does
no matter how many people he kill no
matter what he provokes and invokes in
statement of amalik and genocide and no
one innocent in Gaza no M no matter how
many Mass gra we're going to dig the
Americans continue to shower him with
praise and talk about anti-Semitism
hoping that this will rub off on him
well guess what he is immune to kindness
Neto does not respond well to this sort
of a thing and he continues on his own
Pathway to uh death and destruction in
Gaza because that's what he thinks
that's how he's ingrained in his very
ideological personal and political
career do you think that's the same
though the same sort of message
messaging Maran from the US to the rest
of you might say the Israeli cabinet
because um blink has been meeting
everybody hasn't he from the left and
from the right and everybody else in
between I think it's for keeping up
appearances I think with a 64 uh strong
majority in addition to several others
like guns and Eisen Cott and so on nety
feels very comfortable with his
parliamentary majority to survive
whatever is being cooked up for him or
not being cooked up for him so as long
as he continues with uh with this
pathway forward threatening to invade
Raa refusing to accept any permanent
ceasefire he's going to maintain his
government uh Mar when we spoke about
this yesterday and we touched on the
fact that the US Administration is under
great pressure at home to spreading with
the spreading University protest I mean
it's not helping the Democrats or the
Republicans in the messaging about their
sort of fully-fledged backing for Israel
and the tax dollars that are being spent
uh on there but it's not actually
helping any of the European governments
and if we just pivot towards Europe
what's happening in America is now
happening in in major cities across
Europe and a lot of these countries are
going to the polls in the next few weeks
and the next few
months well I tell you something so and
I think it's for our viewers around the
world I think we've we've been having
some some of the probably the most
Exquisite the most excellent coverage at
Ultra Zer of what has been going on in
Western universities and on the streets
of Western capitals and in terms of
what's happening in in the society not
just in the high politics but also
so-called low politics and our coverage
just today in the last few days and
weeks in American universities has just
been you know certainly contrasted with
other networks who failed miserably to
really distinguish the right from wrong
the truth from the deception but we
still have not talked about Generation Z
we don't we didn't have the wider
conversation who are these people that
are ready to lose their
expensive uh University tuition IV
League schools right for the sake of
palestin for sake of justice for the
sake of morality and ethics what is this
generation because this generation has
been separate from us whether in Europe
in the United States or elsewhere
they've been busy their Network they're
online all the time we don't know if
they're playing video games or they're
just getting more better informed
certainly Biden and Adams the May the
mayor of New York certainly don't
understand this generation they think
this generation as cynical as they are
well it's not this generation is not
ideological it is moral and it does
believe in social justice and it does
believe in Racial equality and it does
believe in human rights and and the need
for people to live free of fear in
Palestine so this generation is
organizing and this generation is
sacrificing and this generation is the
culmination of all previous generations
in second world war so this generation I
think is teaching us all a lesson in
their sacrifice in their ideals and
principles and we are seeing them not
stopping they're seeing them continuing
persisting and we're seeing them spread
because they are better Network mayor
Adams thinks that they need agitators to
come from I don't know where to New York
or Chicago or Los Angeles to
indoctrinate he doesn't even understand
that they are so well networked that
they don't need anyone to educate them
because they're so well informed and
they are so agitated themselves this
generation Z is thought to be Z you know
kind of a bit maybe weird or whatever
but it's not it is deathful it is
zealful it is it is Zen it's all these
wonderful things and they have proven to
be the so the case and they're turning
to be perhaps the last hope
for all of us in terms of the fight for
justice yeah let's see if the
politicians also see what they're made
of uh in the coming days and weeks for
the moment thanks very much for joining
us M Bashar there our senior political
analyst make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer